Screenshot updates week 2 – Bre pt.1 (#9577)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/traditional/customize/email_capture_form.md

## Step 3: Set your entry audience

If you’re using an in-app message to capture user emails, you may want to limit the audience to users who haven’t already provided this information.

> - **To target users without an email address:** Use the filter `Email Available` is `false`. This ensures the form only appears to users who don’t have an email on file, helping you avoid redundant prompts for known users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **To target users without an email address:** Use the filter `Email Available` is `false`. This makes the form only appear to users who don’t have an email on file, helping you avoid redundant prompts for known users.
```

- **To target anonymous users without external IDs:** Use the filter `External User ID` `is blank`. This is useful when you want to identify users who haven’t been authenticated or registered yet.

> You can also combine the two filters using `AND` logic, if desired. This ensures the form is shown only to users who are missing both an email address and an external user ID—ideal for capturing new leads or prompting account creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also combine the two filters using `AND` logic, if desired. This makes the form only appear to users who are missing both an email address and an external user ID—ideal for capturing new leads or prompting account creation.
```
